{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red225\green255\blue73;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The front steps of the Magnacon Hotel were already packed with spectators staking out good spots for the parade. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cb3\highlight3 Brigitte\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s size and strength}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  made it relatively easy to push her way through the crowd with Eric following closely in her wake, but it was still slow-going. There just wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t enough time. She tried to step out onto Peachtree to get some added speed on the cleared parade route, but a policeman came up fast on a motorcycle to inform them they needed to be out of the road }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 immediately}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . Indeed, right behind him, she could already see the leading edge of the parade approaching.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They could still probably make it to the Hilton before her panel started as long as they hurried. Brigitte squeezed between some elven children in folding chairs to get to the sidewalk and kept her elbows unlimbered to make way through the crowd.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cb3\highlight3 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Brigitte, my legs aren\u8217\'92t as long as yours!\u8221\'94 said Eric}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Should have thought of that before you let me }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 sleep in!}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s my job to get }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 you}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  out of bed-\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 he huffed a few breaths, \u8220\'93\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 because }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 you}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  stayed up too late?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Within a block, they were brought up short by a picket line coming up from a side street\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 twenty-odd young men and women carrying enormous signs. The usual religious protesters? No. Some of them were in costume. They carried loudspeakers on their hips that transformed their voices into shouts: }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cb3\highlight3 No more dangerous magical races at Magnacon!}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Separate is safer!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kick out the terrorists! Keep us humans safe!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93True equality is not having to fear your neighbor!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Separation of magical races is better for everyone!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hell,\u8221\'94 Brigitte muttered, as they all turned toward her in unison. It was one of those many times she wished she were small enough to lose herself in a crowd. She put on her sternest look and kept moving forward.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why don\u8217\'92t you go off to your own symposium, lady? Stop intimidating us normal folks with your size!\u8221\'94 one of them was already shouting in her ear. He stood directly in her path. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She could easily toss him aside with one hand, but that would just give them more fuel for their fires. She had no intention to hurt anyone anyway. She pivoted and darted around the edge of their line, Eric close on her heels. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cb3\highlight3 Go hang out with your terrorist friends in California! We don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t need you tearing }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cb3\highlight3 our}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cb3\highlight3  buildings down,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 the protestor called after her. \u8220\'93And take your giant-loving boyfriend with you!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Tearing down buildings in California? A new terrorist attack? I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ll have to check the news later\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Having left the parade crowd behind, they arrived at the Hilton front entrance less than a minute later. Brigitte dashed around a black SUV parked on the sidewalk near the side lobby entrance, and a suited man stepped up to block her.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll have to go in the front entrance, ma\u8217\'92am.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that Brigitte back there? In that same old Giganta costume she drags out every year?\u8221\'94 said the frustratingly gorgeous girl stepping out of the SUV. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cb3\highlight3  The suit tensed up at the mere sound of her voice.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cb3\highlight3 Tansy Yakhina. Two-time Magnacon costume contest winner. And the President\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s daughter.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Today, her silky, smooth black hair and impossibly perfect proportions made her take on Faith from Mirror\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Edge more beautiful than the real thing. It wasn\u8217\'92t enough that she was basically physically flawless; she also spent at least as much time and energy on her costumes as Brigitte did. Brigitte had had to admit that she had }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 deserved}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  last year\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s trophy. But that only made her even less likeable. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Plus, everyone }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 loves}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1  this costume!}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Brigitte plastered on a wide smile to keep from scowling. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Back by popular demand!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s okay, Jim. She\u8217\'92s on this panel, too. She can follow you in. But please keep her here until I\u8217\'92m inside. I\u8217\'92d hate to give the }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 wrong}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 impression }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 by coming in with a }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 giantess}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . But }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 you }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 can accompany me if you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d like.\u8221\'94 She hooked an inch-long thumbnail in Eric\u8217\'92s direction with a smile, eyeing him up and down. Then, she turned and followed another agent through the door without waiting for a response. There\u8217\'92s no way Eric would be interested in a witch like }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 her}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  anyway.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I better go get in line,\u8221\'94 he told her, and headed off for the front entrance.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ***}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}