{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They had to go back through the protesters to get to the parade route, which was annoying, but they managed to squeeze through the adjacent crowds and step out into the street as the DC characters were coming by. They slowly moved through the streets of Atlanta, smiling and waving and wending their way back around to the end of the route. The crowds were already scattering near the beginning of the parade route, so Brigitte and Eric were able to find their way around and into the lower entrance of the Marriott, from which they could get to any other hotel while avoiding the parade crowd. They would have no trouble making it to the afternoon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s events.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey B, want to go the panel about \u8216\'91Magical Being Representation in Fiction\u8217\'92? Jim Butcher\u8217\'92s on it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why would I? What authority does }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Jim Butcher}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  have on magical rep? Remember Sarah from high school?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sarah had not quite been a mutual friend, but they still sometimes wound up in the same group chats. Also, she was a succubus.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She said that Jim Butcher never spoke to an actual succubus even }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 once}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  before writing }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 The Dresden Files}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . She says that his characterizations are so stereotyped as to be ludicrous.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But you have to admit they\u8217\'92re pretty fun reads, B.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Brigitte smiled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have to admit }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 nothing!}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Besides I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 on}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  the costume-making panel this afternoon, remember? There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s no way I\u8217\'92m wearing }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 this. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll be in our room changing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, right. You won\u8217\'92t mind my skipping your panel?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Depends on what you\u8217\'92re skipping it for.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m thinking about getting Jim Butcher\u8217\'92s autograph.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You jerk!\u8221\'94 She lightly punched his shoulder, but her lightest punch was still enough to jar him. She smiled to make it clear she was joking.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93See you for lunch then?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, I\u8217\'92ll find you in the food court.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ***}}