{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red225\green255\blue73;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When the Secret Service finally let her into the conference room, Brigitte was happy to see }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cb3\highlight3 Janus, her elf mage friend}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , for the first time this year. He was the only other non-human on the panel. Besides him, there was Tansy, of course, and two of her sycophants who, Brigitte happily admitted, were quite capable costumers themselves. Secret Service agents stood, conspicuously inconspicuous, at the corners of the stage.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The costuming panel was mostly a Q&A session, and Brigitte felt that her role would be to advise the cosplayers from magical races, but, strangely, the audience was }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 entirely}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  human. Not one single succubus, giant, vampire, or dwarf anywhere to be seen. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Is the Symposium of Magical Races putting on some kind of special presentation right now that drew them all away? Why didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t I hear about it?}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It became clear what was going on when the questions from the audience started coming. Many of them directed their questions directly to Tansy, and most of them brought up magical races in one way or another. Brigitte guessed that Tansy had deliberately packed the room with her own fans and perhaps\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 given the sentiments she had expressed earlier\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 even fed them subject matter for their questions.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not that I have anything against magical races, but isn\u8217\'92t it a bit unfair when they are competing against humans in costume contests?\u8221\'94 asked the next young girl at the microphone, this one dressed as a passable Elsa from }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Frozen}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Brigitte felt like this was somehow directed }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 against}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  her, and so took the first swing at it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How could it be? Sure, I have an advantage when portraying giant characters, but I have a distinct }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 disadvantage}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  when it comes to portraying human characters, just as you have an advantage when portraying Elsa but would not be as convincing a Moana.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94\line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What I mean is, it\u8217\'92s unfair that most humans }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 can\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  use magic to improve their costume.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Actually,\u8221\'94 Janus cut in, \u8220\'93when it comes to contests, neither can magical races. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cb3\highlight3 The Magnacon costume contest, like most such contests, specifically prohibits the use of magic to modify one\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s appearance or influence the judges.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But how can you know if they are, you know? You would try to hide it. You never can tell.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Actually, }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cb3\highlight3 I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve developed a method that would reveal the use of magic by a contestant. I\u8217\'92ve already proposed it to the Magnacon costume contest committee but they keep dragging their feet about it and saying they can\u8217\'92t come to an agree}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tansy interrupted, addressing the questioner. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I understand where you\u8217\'92re coming from. Even if we had a magical method to detect magic, how could we even trust that? I definitely }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 appreciate}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  why you would be uncomfortable with }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 anyone}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  with }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 any}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  sort of magic interfering in what is meant to be a fun and festive competition.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Elsa\u8217\'92 was nodding her head vigorously now.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s sad that the }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cb3\highlight3 numerous recent terrorist attacks perpetrated by magical beings}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  have come between us humans and the magical races, but the general environment of fear that has created is seeping even into our little convention. My mother, the }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 President}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , has already vowed to take action against the threat of magical attacks that threaten the safety of regular American citizens like me and you, but I think we need to take it on }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 ourselves}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  to clear the air and make us all feel safe. And I know that these tensions have led to a lot of magical beings being harassed or bullied even if they have }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 nothing}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  to do with these attacks, and I want }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 them}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  to be able to feel safe as well. I truly think we would all be better off if we made }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cb3\highlight3 Magnacon human-only. And, to be fair and equal, the Symposium on Magical Races could be totally exclusive to magical races.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She stopped speaking and smiled broadly. The entire audience actually }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 erupted}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  into applause. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Brigitte was horrified. She couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t take it any longer. She clenched her teeth and tried to keep the anger out of her voice. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry, Tansy, but I think that would be the }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 end}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  of }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 everything}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  that makes Magnacon so special. Maybe no one in }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 this}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  room would agree with me, but I know plenty of people\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 magical or human\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 who think that the fact that humans and magical races can get along here as equals is what makes Magnacon the best convention of the year. There are already plenty of human-only cons for you to go to if you prefer that. I can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t understand why you\u8217\'92d want to turn Magnacon into just }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 another}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  one of those.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But no one was listening. The audience was growing restless and noisy, echoing with taunts and heckles.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And I don\u8217\'92t understand why }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 you}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  would take such a firm stance against something that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s clearly in your best interests,\u8221\'94 said Tansy. \u8220\'93I just want every Magnacon attendee to feel safe and have fun.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cb3\highlight3 You just want to eliminate your biggest competition in the costume contest.}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1  That\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s what you really want. Well, I\u8217\'92m not going to play out my part in your little dog-and-pony show anymore}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . Brigitte switched off her mic and stood up slowly, scowling. She stepped down from the stage and stormed down the aisle leaving \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Elsa\u8217\'92 standing agog at the microphone. She could feel Tansy\u8217\'92s wicked smile burning a hole in her back as she pushed through the door into the hallway outside, nearly shoving it into the face of the Secret Service agent standing guard beside it. She didn\u8217\'92t know if she wanted to cry or scream more.}}