{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You put me in quite a spot, you know, having to run through the entire AmericasMart LOOKing for another costume I hadn\u8217\'92t planned on needing when you }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 know}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  they don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t make all THAT many things in my size. EspecialLY when we onLY had an hour before the vendors shut down.\u8221\'94 Brigitte carried her shopping bag straight into the bathroom and STARTed removing the green paint from her skin.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, it\u8217\'92s not my fault it took us so long to give blood. It took half as long as you for those vampires to suck my blood.\u8221\'94 He giggled. For the fifth time THAT evening.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, who says vampires can\u8217\'92t be blood drive volunteers? They were doing the best they COULD given those lines! And besides, they wanted a whole }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 quart}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  from me!\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well yeah, they needed twice as much blood to compensate them for THAT 4XL t-shirt they gave you!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can you believe they onLY had one left?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course. Because Brigitte always gets what she wants! Now, are you going to show me this oh-so-clever last-minute costume you found or what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can SEE it once I put it on. Which will happen once I get all this paint off me. Like I SAID, you\u8217\'92re lucky I was even able to find something at all!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ha! You relish eVERY opportunity you get to buy another costume.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Brigitte leaned out of bathroom, her face half-green and half its natural pale, a grinned. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93True.\u8221\'94 She closed the door.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thirty minutes later, she opened the door and strutted out. She did a TURN in her blue dress with its bright white pinafore. The puffed sleeves were JUST bareLY too short to cover the bandage around her elbow. She tossed her long blonde hair\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 natural this time, not a wig\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 to show off the big blue bow on top.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re Alice!\u8221\'94 SAID Eric, himSELF fulLY dressed as a VERY convincing Thor.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, wait!\u8221\'94 she SAID. \u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s one more piece!\u8221\'94 She stepped back into the bathroom and came out with a prop which she strapped onto her hand. It was a tiny chest opened to display an assortment of tiny cakes\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 plastic of course\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 each \u8220\'93iced\u8221\'94 with the same message: \u8220\'93Eat me!\u8221\'94 One of them had a tiny bite taken out of its corner.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Upelkuchens!\u8221\'94 Eric exclaimed.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The cakes THAT make Alice grow.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, right. Yeah!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re right. This is way too clever. I\u8217\'92m surprised you weren\u8217\'92t the first to THINK of it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ***}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}