{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red225\green255\blue73;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Forcing Eric to take her shopping at the AmericasMart vendors for an hour before dinner put Brigitte in possession of a costume Eric called \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93too clever by half\u8221\'94, but it was the only one in giant size. The blue puffed-sleeve dress and hairbow, white pinafore and spats, and the little chest strapped to her hand with the faux cakes labeled \u8220\'93Eat Me!\u8221\'94 inside made the intended likeness undeniable.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As she stepped out into the street, another giant caught her eye. The one nice thing about races that stand out in the crowd was being able to spot one another easily. But this one\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 clearly dressed as Gregor Clegane, the infamous helmet tucked under his arm\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 was extraordinarily handsome in }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 spite }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 of the gorey makeup adorning his face. He noticed her too.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, nice Alice! Very clever!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Brigitte curtsied clumsily\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 in keeping with her character\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and the Mountain smiled appreciatively, extending a hand. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cb3\highlight3 I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m Torsten. This is Shelly.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 He indicated the human girl he had been walking with. Brigitte had not even noticed her there.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m Brigitte. This is Eric.\u8221\'94 She took his hand. Shelly\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 an incredible accurate Daenerys\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 stepped forward to shake Eric\u8217\'92s hand.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your date to the ball?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, but we just met today in the lobby. I had no intention of going at all until she plopped down beside me with the tickets.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eric and Shelly struck it off as excellently as she and Torsten did while in line to get into the ball and a pair of lively conversations were maintained. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cb3\highlight3 It turned out Torsten was a university student studying the history of magical races, with a special interest in researching the most underrepresented races.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  History had been one of Brigitte\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 least }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 favorite subjects, except in one }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 very specific way}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So does that mean you can give me advice on period-accurate historical costumes?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure. I\u8217\'92ve made some for myself. Actually, I\u8217\'92m a pretty big fan of costumes too. It gives all those idiots who stare a legitimate reason to be staring. I assume that\u8217\'92s why you got into it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not really. I actually went to a very diverse school. Every sort of magical race was represented. Never had to worry about staring. I got into it by taking part in a school play\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the giantess in Into The Woods, clich\u233\'E9 I know\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and found I loved the dressing up part as well as anything.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, interesting. I\u8217\'92ve been right here in Atlanta my whole life. I\u8217\'92ve only heard stories about such schools. My mom just arranged for me to go to the public school closest to her headquarters.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Finally, they made it inside where the DJ was filling the room with a thumping techno beat. The dance floor was half-empty and the line for the bar was twice-full.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Care to get the party started with a dance?\u8221\'94 he asked. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Brigitte glanced at Eric, her date. He was entirely enraptured by Shelly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure, why not?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They danced right through four songs, all smiles and jokes, until the entire crowd had packed in around them. Then, the music was cut off with a loud screech of microphone feedback.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}