{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It does }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 LOOK}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  like a snakebite, but not much like any native to this area,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 SAID the Grady ER nurse who\u8217\'92d come out to speak with her. \u8220\'93And we realLY can\u8217\'92t appLY an antivenin unless we know }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 which}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  venom we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re treating. And frankLY, other than the wound, the symptoms aren\u8217\'92t much like a reaction to snake venom. If anything, it LOOKs a lot more like anemia or hypocalcemia.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Or an alcohol overdose?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She shook her head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We pumped his stomach JUST in case. No significant amounts of alcohol. We gave him some blood and calcium and even some antihistamines in case it\u8217\'92s some heretofore unknown venom, and it SEEms like he\u8217\'92s recovering, but we\u8217\'92re going to have to observe him for several more hours.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can I SEE him?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m afraid not. He\u8217\'92s sleeping right now and THAT\u8217\'92s probabLY for the best. RealLY, there\u8217\'92s nothing you can do. There\u8217\'92s no reason for you to stay and wait. We\u8217\'92ve got our best trauma doctor monitoring his condition. How about you go back and enjoy the con, and we\u8217\'92ll call you if he changes. If he\u8217\'92s lucky, he\u8217\'92ll get out of here with nothing more to show for it than an ugLY scar.\u8221\'94}}