{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The first aid station put a bandage on his neck and contacted the Grady emergency room. Brigitte hauled him to her van and drove him there in under five minutes. The ER doctors took him immediately, and, after a tense hour-long wait, told her his symptoms better resembled anemia or hypocalcemia than snakebite. They had started transfusions, and he seemed to be improving, but Brigitte\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sitting around and fretting wouldn\u8217\'92t speed up his recovery. They encouraged her to return to the con, try to enjoy herself, and wait for a call.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She went to lunch with Janus and his friends, telling them she was far too worried to go through with the contest. Janus reminded her that if Tansy }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 had}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  been somehow responsible for Eric\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s condition, Brigitte\u8217\'92s forfeiting was }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 exactly}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  what she wanted, so Brigitte resolved to go through with it unless the hospital called back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Two hours later, she arrived at the ballroom for the contest. She had been the first to register and therefore was the first to walk the runway. She was wearing the most expensive costume she had ever created\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 an elaborate depiction of the original dragonborn character she played in the D&D sessions Eric had been running. It included a hand-sewn chest piece and skirt, leather arm bracers, hand-modified boots that transformed her feet into sandaled talons, and a latex mask she had designed with the help of a dragonborn friend to ensure the details paid homage to the history of a proud and ancient people.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The audience went wild when the announcer called her name, and when she reached the end of the walk and held aloft her custom short sword, many of them took to their feet\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 except one section of the room that remained still and silent. Brigitte recognized some of the street protesters among them}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 . }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Janus and his friends stood on the front row, arms raised, cheering and wolf-whistling. When Brigitte returned to the top of the walk and removed the mask, the cheering crescendoed into a cacophony that drowned out the announcer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Underneath the tight, tattered skirt, Brigitte\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s phone was vibrating. She drew it out as she descended the stairs. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Call from: Eric}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . She hurried from the noise of the room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re awake!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah. I think they\u8217\'92re about to let me go. Are you at the costume show?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I just finished my walk. And I\u8217\'92m glad you\u8217\'92re okay. It means you can give me some answers. Were you in the }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 President\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s daughter\u8217\'92s hotel room}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  last night?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Uh. I don\u8217\'92t know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What happened?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, Shelly took me to her room, and I saw nothing but her\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 everything else is a blur. Then, I think, she }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 hypnotized}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  me. And I didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even think that was real! She made me get on the bed and close my eyes, then, out of nowhere, she }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 bit me}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . Hard. It hurt at first, but then I got woozy and just\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 stopped caring. This might sound gross, but I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve never been so horny in my life. After that, I blacked out until I woke up this morning. I was stoned on who-knows-what with no idea where I was. I found my phone in the minifridge, so I turned it on and answered your text. Then I passed out again until you called. Shelly was gone.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did you see Tansy? Or the Secret Service?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No\u8230\'85but\u8230\'85I think I heard Tansy\u8217\'92s voice at one point? There were only ever the two of us in the room, though. Why do I remember Tansy\u8217\'92s voice?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What did she say?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know. But it was\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 kind of hissy?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Like, she was whispering?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, like\u8230\'85her voice, but from a different mouth\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was tenuous, but Brigitte had some strong suspicions about Tansy. She wished Eric well, then went back inside the ballroom. She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d spotted someone sitting on the back row who deserved an apology.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ***}}