{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red225\green255\blue73;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The runner-up, with an average score of 9.6 points, is three-time champion Brigitte Eklund as original dragonborn character Kaxiris Terthal!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Brigitte took the stage with her mask on, accepted her trophy, then took her place next to the second runner-up, a newcomer dressed as Galactus, then removed her mask and waved to the crowd.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And this year\u8217\'92s Magnacon Costume Contest champion is\u8230\'85}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Tansy Yakhin as Xiao Mei!}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tansy stepped onto the stage smiling brightly\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but the smile was just a little bit droopy on one side. The crowd emitted another unanimous gasp\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but this time at the swollen purple hand she waved at them.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sunkyull!\u8221\'94 she shouted to them as she took the trophy, her words slurring together.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tansy, um\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 you don\u8217\'92t look well,\u8221\'94 said the announcer}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A look of confusion finally stole across Tansy\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face as the skin sagged further from her brow. Her hair seemed to be retreating into her hair. \u8220\'93Wh-what\u8217\'92s going\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 ?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is there a doctor in the house?\u8221\'94 the announcer called.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You!\u8221\'94 Tansy said, turning a disturbingly droopy finger toward Brigitte. \u8220\'93You diddis t\u8217\'92me!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Secret Service agents were stepping onto the stage from both sides as Brigitte took a step forward. One grabbed Tansy under the arms and began lowering her to the stage. Another\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Jim? Andy?\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 came to block and restrain Brigitte, so she took the microphone from the presenter\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand and stepped off the stage. The agent didn\u8217\'92t follow her.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No worries, folks. She\u8217\'92s fine! Totally unharmed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The other Secret Service agent stepped aside to reveal a deflated pile of green fabric on the floor. The crowd gasped again\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 even louder this time\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 as Brigitte pointed to a long, thick }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 snake}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  slithering out of one the sleeves.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Meet Tansy. The }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 real}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Tansy. That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s what she actually looks like. A new friend of mine, a magical historian, says that the Tatar of Russia have long told stories of a snake-like creature who could take the form of a beautiful woman in order to seduce men with her looks and charms\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and those men usually died in these encounters. The legends say she is immortal, the only one like her in the world. And now we have her here in the flesh, the President\u8217\'92s very own daughter\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 or perhaps more likely, the President\u8217\'92s }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 mother}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , since she must be at least a thousand years old\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 using magical charms to enhance her appearance for this contest. In other words, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 she was cheating}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Liessssss!\u8221\'94 the snake hissed, in a voice not too dissimilar to Tansy\u8217\'92s. \u8220\'93}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 She}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  isssss the one cheating! She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ssss used ssssssome sssssort of trickery to turn me into a sssssnake! You will go to prissssson for this, you overssssized witch!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Brigitte could not respond. Another giantess had entered from the back of the room, took two strides and plucked the microphone from her hand. Brigitte did not resist. Everything was going exactly as planned.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hold it, guys. I\u8217\'92ll take it from here. Hand over that snake!\u8221\'94 The other giantess held a badge in the air as she strode quickly toward the stage.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Please keep away from the First Daughter, ma\u8217\'92am.\u8221\'94 said Jim or Andy, not budging from her path.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m Sigrunn Sorensen, detective with the Georgia Bureau of Investigation Magical Crimes Unit. Tansy Yakhin, if that is even your real name, you are under arrest for assault and illegal use of magic. You have the right to remain silent\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A group of APD officers came onto the stage as Detective Sorensen read Tansy her rights. One of them was carrying a large aquarium. They took Tansy from her agents and forced her, screaming and flinging accusations, into the cage and locked a lid onto it. At one point, she lashed out and bit one of the officers, at which point Sorensen said she was adding resisting arrest to the charges. This done, the detective finally turned to Brigitte.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ve brought your friend, Eric. We went to pick him up right }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cb3\highlight3 after my son called}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . Would you mind grabbing anyone who you think is an important witness and bringing them over to join us in the conference room next door?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ***}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}