{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The agents cuffed her and whisked her away to a conference room. They brought Tansy in draped over one of the agent\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulders behind her, followed by Janus and the head contest judge. They sat them all down, and stood watch over the door while awaiting the arrival of the police. An hour later, a handful of officers arrived. Three humans, two male, one female, and one troll. The woman spoke first.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m Detective Irene Prince of the Atlanta PD\u8217\'92s Magical Investigations Unit. I\u8217\'92m going try to take all your statements as quickly as possible. And since you\u8217\'92re the accused, Ms\u8230\'85.\u8221\'94 She consults a notebook she has dropped on the table. \u8220\'93\u8230\'85Eklund, I\u8217\'92ll start with you. What happened tonight?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Brigitte\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s phone started vibrating again. \u8220\'93Can you see who is calling first please?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The detective pulled the phone out of her skirt for her. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eric.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, you\u8217\'92ll want to talk to him. Answer it? On speaker?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, B. I\u8217\'92m all better, they say. Free to go. Pick me up?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t right now. I\u8217\'92m in cuffs. The police are here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why? What did you do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nothing. Listen, detective. I think you\u8217\'92re going to want his statement too. He\u8217\'92s at Grady.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The detective nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eric, I\u8217\'92m sending an detective named Frank to pick you up. He\u8217\'92ll be there in fifteen minutes.\u8221\'94 The detective in question was already stepping toward the door. The detective ended the call.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now, your story?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m going to have to start with last night actually\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Brigitte gave the whole account again, this time in much more detail. After she describing the events of that morning, the detective picked up her phone and made another call. \u8220\'93Frank, you at the hospital yet? Listen, can you ask him if we can get a copy of his medical records? Thanks. Please continue, Brigitte.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Brigitte finished the story. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\u8230\'85And so I put some of Janus\u8217\'92s charm-dispelling creme on my hand and tricked Tansy into touching it. As soon as she came in contact with it, the charms she uses to maintain a human appearance began dissolving, and, when her magic could no longer resist, she became her natural self, as you see now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The detective interviewed Janus next about the use of the creme, which he still had with him. She asked the head contest judge, an elf, to take some onto her hands. The judge confirmed that it prevented her from casting even the simplest glammer.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She moved onto Bruce, the once-bitten Secret Service agent, who quickly proved to be twice-shy: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not saying a word without my attorney here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Finally, she moved onto Tansy herself. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Put her on the table, please.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you doing?\u8221\'94 Tansy hissed. \u8220\'93She turned me into a ssssnake. I want my attorney presssent! I\u8217\'92m ready to pressssss chargessss!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The detective ignored her and pulled a small device out of her bag. It looked like a stick microphone on a pedestal. She turned it on and aimed it at Tansy. After a few moments, it emitted a loud click. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No enchantments detected,\u8221\'94 she read off the display.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sssstill a ssssnake, Detective. Her elf friend hassss come up with a brand new charm that your machine can\u8217\'92t detect.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d advise you to exercise your right to remain silent, Ms. Yakhin, as you are now under arrest. Please open your mouth wide.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tansy made no response. She kept her mouth shut.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kakiz, restrain her. Make her open her mouth.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The troll stepped up and grabbed Tansy behind the head, quick as lightning. She thrashed around, but he grabbed the rest of her body and pinned it to the table. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Open your mouth,\u8221\'94 he rumbled, \u8220\'93or you will be charged with resisting arrest.\u8221\'94 She opened it. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Detective Prince pulled out a pair of calipers and clamped her fangs between them. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'938 millimeters. Now all we need is\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 There was a knock on the door. The other officer opened it. Frank came back in, followed by Eric. Eric looked dazedly around the room until he saw the snake held firmly in Kakiz\u8217\'92s enormous hands. He staggered back and literally fell on his butt.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s her. No! Get her away! Ah! I remember\u8230\'85I think. You\u8217\'92re the one who\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 you bit me!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d call that a positive identification. No worries, Mr. Sanders, she\u8217\'92s firmly under control. Frank, did you get those medical records?\u8221\'94 Frank held up a sheaf of papers. \u8220\'93Just tell me how far apart the neck wounds are.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Frank flipped a few pages. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93About 7.5 millimeters.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sounds like case closed to me. Which of you agents has the keys to Ms. Eklund\u8217\'92s cuffs? Would you mind removing them?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m free to go?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I\u8217\'92d appreciate it if you\u8217\'92d come with us to the station and answer a few more questions as they come up, but no, you are no longer under arrest.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As soon as the cuffs were off, she stepped over to Eric and gave him a huge hug\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but not huge enough to crush him. The contest judge was waiting by her side when she released him.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, it sounds like you won the contest fair and square.\u8221\'94 She held out a hand with a gold medal in it. \u8220\'93Congratulations. As it turns out, the judge who voted against using your friend\u8217\'92s potion was a close personal friend of the Yakhin family. I think he\u8217\'92s pretty likely to change his mind now. We\u8217\'92ll be using it for next year\u8217\'92s contest.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thanks.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well,\u8221\'94 said the detective. \u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s a line of reporters and news cameras a mile long outside that door. Are you ready?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Brigitte took Eric\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand. \u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s do it.\u8221\'94}}