{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red225\green255\blue73;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Janus, having followed her out, grabbed her arm before she could storm off.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Listen, Brigitte. It doesn\u8217\'92t matter what that brat wants. Having a powerful mom isn\u8217\'92t enough to tear down this convention nor win the costume contest.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But she said her mother was about to \u8216\'91do something\u8217\'92 about the \u8216\'91magical being problem\u8217\'92! That could be even }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 worse}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  than just ruining this convention!\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 She was almost yelling, now.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Just a bunch of hot air. Don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t dwell on it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eric stepped up from around the corner, smiling. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey Brigitte, I have a surprise for you!\u8221\'94 He pulled a pair of tickets out of his pocket.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s that? Where did you come from? Weren\u8217\'92t you in the panel?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was full. They wouldn\u8217\'92t let me in. So I went to get tickets to the }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cb3\highlight3 costume ball tonight at the Sheraton.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cb3\highlight3
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94 She twisted suddenly to face him. \u8220\'93What costume ball? The Sheraton isn\u8217\'92t even part of Magnacon\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And the costume ball isn\u8217\'92t either. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cb3\highlight3 The SMR is putting it on}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  to increase awareness about their events and raise money for charity. And I just knew you wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be able to turn down a }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 costume}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  ball.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Brigitte smiled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I guess I\u8217\'92ll go with you. As a }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 friend. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But only if you help me find another costume.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ***}}