{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Brigitte! Hey Brigitte! Wake up! It\u8217\'92s already 9AM!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mmm\u8230\'85?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Brigitte, the parade!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mmm\u8230\'85 fine, I\u8217\'92m getting\u8230\'85 did you say 9AM?\u8221\'94 The frame of the hotel bed crackled as Brigitte rolled into a sitting position. \u8220\'93Why didn\u8217\'92t you wake me up two hours ago? What happened to our wake-up call?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The call came right on time,\u8221\'94 Eric said, exasperatedly. He was already halfway into his Thor costume. \u8220\'93I told you I was going to breakfast and you said you were going to shower first. I just got back.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eric! We were up until 3AM last night! I told you to make sure I got up in the morning. Just the makeup for my Princess Fiona costume takes over an hour to put on!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You said you were up. Don\u8217\'92t put this on me. You can just save that costume for tomorrow and wear something less time-consuming today.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What exactly? Every day was planned out!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How about Giganta? That\u8217\'92s just a wig and a dress.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I wore that Thursday!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s three thousand people watching the parade. Most of them weren\u8217\'92t even here on Thursday!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eric, it\u8217\'92s the }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Magnacon Parade!}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  You know how much it means!\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not nearly as much as the costume contest. Put Giganta back on. It\u8217\'92s not the end of the world.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ughhhh, fine. Bathroom\u8217\'92s mine for the next half hour.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eric was right, as usual. His calm rationality was infuriating some times, but it was the primary reason she roomed with him each year. He kept her balanced.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was also gratifying that she never had to explain everything to him. They\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been friends since high school\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 an integrated high school in Chattanooga that all the magical beings in Hamilton County attended\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and was well-versed in the plight of the giantess in modern society.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Truth is, it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s just very hard for a ten-foot-tall young woman to come up with costume ideas that look good on her and aren\u8217\'92t completely overdone. The ancient Greeks had described the giantesses of that region as great warriors, but now the only Amazons anyone can think of are Wonder Woman and her sisters\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and she was portrayed as a normal-sized human for some reason. The boys had it easy. Fiction through the ages was just filled with male giants\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Aegir, Polyphemus, Ultraman, Hagrid, Antman\u8217\'92s giant form\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but giantesses had been underrepresented for thousands of years. Brigitte had resorted at times to gender-swapped versions of the male giant characters, or as giant versions of human characters, but she still rather preferred representing her own kind the best. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her fans tended to prefer it as well. Keeping their preferences in mind was part of the strategy by which she had won the costume contest three times in the last five years. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Giganta, for instance, was a costume she brought back every year, even though it did require her to cover every exposed inch of her pale white skin with instant bronzer. She squeezed a handful from the tube and started on her left leg. Thank goodness for the red wig\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 there wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be enough time to wash her hair anyway.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They had to be at the start of the parade route before 10am. She finally finished getting her costume on by 9:50, crammed some \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93breakfast\u8221\'94 in her mouth from their junk food stash, grabbed her name badge, and led the way for her and Eric down and out of the hotel.}}