{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Despite the rush to go to their room at the Magnacon, shower, apply two layers of green creme paint to her arms and head, fit a wig, and rush back over to the Hyatt where the Costuming Tier programs were held, Brigitte still managed to make it to her panel with five minutes to spare. She was happy to see her elf mage friend Janus for the first time this year. He was the only other non-human on the panel. Besides him, there was Tansy, of course, and two of her sycophants who, Brigitte happily admitted, were quite capable costumers themselves. And behind them an obligatory pair from Tansy\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Secret Service cort\u232\'E8ge.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The panel was mostly a Q&A session, and Brigitte felt that her role would be to advise the magical beings in the crowd who wanted to get more into cosplay. But, strangely, the audience was }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 entirely}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  human. Not one single ogre, giant, vampire, or dwarf anywhere to be seen. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Is the Symposium of Magical Races putting on some kind of special presentation right now that drew them all away? Why didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t I hear about it?}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It became clear what was going on when the questions from the audience started coming. Many of them directed their questions directly to Tansy, and most of them brought up magical races in one way or another. Brigitte guessed that Tansy had deliberately packed the room with her own fans and perhaps\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 given the sentiments she had expressed earlier\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 even fed them subject matter for their questions.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not that I have anything against magical races, but isn\u8217\'92t it a bit unfair when they are competing against humans in costume contests?\u8221\'94 asked the next young girl at the microphone, this one dressed as a passable Elsa from Frozen.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Brigitte felt like this was somehow directed }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 against}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  her, and so took the first swing at it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How could it be? Sure, I have an advantage when portraying giant characters, but I have a distinct }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 disadvantage}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  when it comes to portraying human characters, just as you have an advantage when portraying Elsa but would not be as convincing a Moana.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94\line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I mean, it\u8217\'92s unfair that humans, for the most part, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 can\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  use magic to improve their costume.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Actually,\u8221\'94 Janus cut in, \u8220\'93when it comes to contests, neither can magical races. The Magnacon costume contest, like most such contests, specifically prohibit the use of magic to modify one\u8217\'92s appearance or influence the judges.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But how can you know if they are, you know? You would try to hide it. You never can tell.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Actually, as was mentioned earlier, I am a mage, and I have developed a method that could be used to reveal the use of magic by a contestant. I\u8217\'92ve already proposed it to the Magnacon costume contest committee to use in the contest but they keep dragging their feet about it and saying they can\u8217\'92t come to an agree\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tansy cut him off there, speaking directly to the questioner. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I understand where you\u8217\'92re coming from. Even if we had a magical method to detect magic, how could we even trust that? I definitely }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 appreciate}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  why you would be uncomfortable with }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 anyone}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  with }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 any}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  sort of magic interfering in what is meant to be a fun and festive competition.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Elsa\u8217\'92 was nodding her head vigorously now.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s sad that the numerous recent terrorist attacks perpetrated by magical being have come between us humans and the magical races, but the general environment of fear that has created is seeping even into our little convention. My mother, the }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 President}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , has already vowed to take action against the threat of magical attacks that threaten the safety of regular American citizens like me and you, but I think we need to take it on }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 ourselves}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  to clear the air and make us all feel safe. And I know that these tensions have led to a lot of magical beings being harassed or bullied even if they have }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 nothing}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  to do with these attacks, and I want }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 them}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  to be able to feel safe as well. I truly think we would all be better off if we made Magnacon human-only. And, to be fair and equal, the Symposium on Magical Races could be totally exclusive to magical races.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She stopped speaking and smiled broadly. The entire audience actually }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 erupted}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  into applause. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Brigitte was horrified. She couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t take it any longer. She clenched her teeth and tried to keep the anger out of her voice. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry, Tansy, but I think that would be the }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 end}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  of }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 everything}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  that makes Magnacon so special. Maybe no one in }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 this}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  room would agree with me, but I know plenty of people\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 magical or human\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 who think that the fact that humans and magical races can get along here as equals is exactly what makes Magnacon so special to begin with. There are already plenty of human-only cons for you to go to if you prefer that. I can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t understand why you would want to turn something as special as Magnacon into just }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 another}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  one of those.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But no one was listening. The audience was growing restless and noisy, echoing with taunts and heckles.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And I don\u8217\'92t understand why you would take such a firm stance against something that\u8217\'92s clearly in your best interests,\u8221\'94 said Tansy. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m just want every Magnacon attendee to feel safe and have fun.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 You just want to eliminate your biggest competition in the costume contest. That\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s what you really want. Well, I\u8217\'92m not going to play out my part in your little dog-and-pony show anymore}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . Brigitte switched off her mic and stood up slowly, scowling. She stepped down from the stage and stormed down the aisle leaving \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Elsa\u8217\'92 standing agog at the microphone. She could feel Tansy\u8217\'92s wicked smile burning a hole in her back as she pushed through the door into the hallway outside, nearly shoving it into the face of the Secret Service agent standing guard beside it. She didn\u8217\'92t know if she wanted to cry or scream more.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ***}}